[train][doc] Add torch dataloader multiprocessing forkserver note (#52924)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/train/getting-started-pytorch.rst

                transform = Compose([ToTensor(), Normalize((0.28604,), (0.32025,))])
                data_dir = os.path.join(tempfile.gettempdir(), "data")
                train_data = FashionMNIST(root=data_dir, train=True, download=True, transform=transform)

>                 train_loader = DataLoader(train_data, batch_size=128, shuffle=True, multiprocessing_context=multiprocessing.context.ForkServerContext())

Reviewer: I think this is the more common way to get the context:

```suggestion
                train_loader = DataLoader(train_data, batch_size=128, shuffle=True, multiprocessing_context=multiprocessing.get_context("forkserver"))
```

Reviewer: Can you also move this quickstart code to a tested doctest file?

    See :ref:`data-ingest-torch` for more details.

> .. note::
>     When using PyTorch DataLoader multiprocessing with Ray Train, you should set the
>     ``multiprocessing_context`` to ``multiprocessing.context.ForkServerContext()`` as
>     shown in the example above. This is because Ray Train configures the global logger with
>     Ray-specific context like ``get_actor_id()``, which, when inherited by Torch Dataloader
>     subprocesses using ``fork``, can cause hangs during logging since these subprocesses
>     aren't Ray actors.

Reviewer: Can you add a reference tag here (ex: `.. _forking-ray-processes-antipattern:`)?

https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/doc/source/ray-core/patterns/fork-new-processes.rst#L1

Then, just point to this in the note, and no need to go into so much detail about the specific case I ran into. 

```suggestion
.. note::
    When using PyTorch DataLoader multiprocessing with Ray Train, you should set the process start method to be `forkserver` or `spawn` as
    shown in the example above. :ref:`Forking Ray Actors and Tasks is an anti-pattern <forking-ray-processes-antipattern>` that
    can lead to unexpected issues such as deadlocks.
```
